Account_enrichment_fix (#36406)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_6_40.md

#### Playbooks

##### Account Enrichment - Generic v2.1

> Updated the 'IAM Get User - Without specifying a domain' condition, to extract numeric usernames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the 'IAM Get User - Without specifying a domain' condition by adding a transformer to support numeric usernames.
```
